[Haunting Hip-Hop Beat]
ERIC ADAMS: I had no idea
what drill rapping was.
But I called my son...
and he sent me some videos.
And it is alarming.
[Melodic Sirens]
ERIC ADAMS: They see what
this drill rapping is doing.
This is contributing to the
violence that we're seeing,
All over this country.
YOUNG DEVYN: I wanted to have fun.
So I'm like, 'you know what?
Let me try this drill beat.'
NATASHA MASON-TYSON:
Devyn does drill music.
And drill is very sticky right now.
BORLEONE: 'Cause these kids,
they just expressing theirself
And they use this shit to... to get out.
SHAUNA JAMES: I feel like
it's just given a lot of,
especially the drill artists,
an opportunity that they never
probably saw fit for themselves.
BILLTHEDEMON: I just want
people to come together and
network and be happy.
And just go home with a smile
on they face, you know?
BORLEONE: Once you get there,
it's like... freedom.
And that's what we fight for.
[Melodic Sirens]
[Music Fades]